API Documentation
=================

This document briefly introduces the main function of each component and each framework we used in our D3M interface.
We only provide limited description about the framework we used, please refer to corresponding project homepage if you have further question.
In this page, we show the list of built-in web application and their functionality, please follow the link for detailed information.

Overview
========

Our D3M interface can be split into two main components: D3M Configuration (front-end) and TA2 Interface (back-end).
We built the front-end using Django framework, which extends MVC (Model, View and Controller) to MVT (Model, View and Template).
More specific, the **Template** is a presentation layer which handles User Interface part completely.
All the web pages you saw are generated by Template. The View is used to execute the business logic and interact with a model.
Thus, **View** contains the logic code and **Model** plays the role of database.

For each web application, the url pattern and corresponding logic in the view component will be presented. The function signature and example web page will also be presented, if they're available.

[Content (content_pages)](content_pages/index.md)
=================================================

**Entrance URL**: / (default path)

This web application constructs the web page you can see. Different pages will be rendered based on the url received.
Generally, it controls the website rendering process.

[D3M Configuration (configuration)](configuration/index.md)
===========================================================

**Entrance URL**: /config/

This application is the core component of our D3M interface. It stores several crucial configuration about the dataset and task.
It follows the same pattern of a standard Django application: generating url based on user operation and pass it to the **View** component.
After that, **View** will execute corresponding logic code based on the input urls.

[TA2 Interface (ta2_interface)](ta2/index.md)
=============================================

**Entrance URL**: /d3m-service/

This application plays the role of Back-end in our program. Namely, it handles the communication between remote TA2 server and process the response.
