Preprocess Runner
=================

PreprocessRunner is the most fundamental component in our service. It handles the input data frame, stores the task configuration
and executes the actual variable analysis function. Below is the function it provided.

**PreprocessRunner** (dataframe, job_id=None, jsonld_citation=None, schema_info_dict=None, data_source_info=None, celery_task=None)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Return a blank PreprocessRunner with specified setting.

* **Parameters**:
    * **dataframe** (*Pandas.Dataframe*):    A Dataframe entity that stores the input data in tabular format.
    * **job_id** (*String*):  Usage Unknown.
    * **jsonld_citation** (*Unknown*): Usage Unknown.
    * **schema_info_dict** (*Dict*): A dictionary that contains the schema information of input dataset. default is None.
    * **data_source_info** (*DataSourceInfo*): An object contains the information of the raw data. default is None and will be generated by our server.
    * **celery_task** (*Unknown*): Usage Unknown.

**run_preprocess** ()

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Let the PreprocessRuner execute the data profiling process. Return True is the process is done correctly, otherwise, an error message will be logged and False will be returned.

* **Parameters**: None

**load_from_file** (*input_file*)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Static method, it will create a dataframe item by read given file. Return a None and an error message if any error happened. Return an initialized *PreprocessRunner* and a None if everything goes well.

* **Parameters**:
    * **input_file** (*String*):    Path to the input dataset file.
        
**load_update_file** (*preprocess_input, update_input*)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Static method, it will initialize the PreprocessRunner via the JSON file contains sufficient information. The JSON file should have the same content after calling *get_final_json_indented*().

* **Parameters**:
    * **preprocess_input** (*String*):    Path to the original JSON result file.
    * **update_input** (*String*):  Path to the new JSON result file.

**get_self_section** ()

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Return a JSON string contains only the information in the self section.

* **Parameters**: None

**get_datset_level_section** ()

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Return a JSON string contains only the information in the dataset-level section.

* **Parameters**: None

**show_final_info** (*indent=None*)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Print a JSON string contains self section, dataset-level section, variable section and variable display section.

* **Parameters**:
    * **indent** (*Integer*):    The number of blank you want to use for indent.

**get_final_json_indented** ()

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Return a indented JSON string, which has the same content with the string printed by *show_final_info*().

* **Parameters**: None

**get_final_dict** (*as_string*)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Return a not indented JSON result string, which has the same content with the string printed by *show_final_info*().

* **Parameters**:
    * **as_string** (*Boolean*):    A flag variable, True means the function will return the result as a string. Otherwise, it will return a JSON object.