.. _TypeGuessUtil:

TypeGuessUtil
=============

*TypeGuessUtil* is the first Utility object we used during profiling process. It has several useful function to help you check the data type of current variable.

* **TypeGuessUtil** (col_series, col_info)

    Return a blank PreprocessRunner with specified setting.

    **Parameters**:
        * **dataframe** (*Pandas.Dataframe*):    A Dataframe entity that stores the input data in tabular format.
        * **job_id** (*String*):  Usage Unknown.
        * **jsonld_citation** (*Unknown*): Usage Unknown.
        * **schema_info_dict** (*Dict*): A dictionary that contains the schema information of input dataset. default is None.
        * **data_source_info** (*DataSourceInfo*): An object contains the information of the raw data. default is None and will be generated by our server.
        * **celery_task** (*Unknown*): Usage Unknown.

* **run_preprocess** ()

    Let the PreprocessRuner execute the data profiling process. Return True is the process is done correctly, otherwise, an error message will be logged and False will be returned.

        **Parameters**: None

* **load_from_file** (*input_file*)

    Static method, it will create a dataframe item by read given file. Return a None and an error message if any error happened. Return an initialized *PreprocessRunner* and a None if everything goes well.

        **Parameters**:
            * **input_file** (*String*):    Path to the input dataset file.

* **load_update_file** (*preprocess_input, update_input*)
    Static method, it will initialize the PreprocessRunner via the JSON file contains sufficient information. The JSON file should have the same content after calling *get_final_json_indented*().

        **Parameters**:
            * **preprocess_input** (*String*):    Path to the original JSON result file.
            * **update_input** (*String*):  Path to the new JSON result file.

* **get_self_section** ()

    Return a JSON string contains only the information in the self section.

        **Parameters**: None

* **get_datset_level_section** ()

    Return a JSON string contains only the information in the dataset-level section.

        **Parameters**: None

* **show_final_info** (*indent=None*)

    Print a JSON string contains self section, dataset-level section, variable section and variable display section.

        **Parameters**:
            * **indent** (*Integer*):    The number of blank you want to use for indent.
